[automatic] Publish 1 advisory for p7zip_jll (#638)
mbauman/AdvisoryDB.jl: advisories/published/2026/JLSEC-0000-CVE-2026-58052.md

[[severity]]
type = "CVSS_V4"
score = "CVSS:4.0/AV:L/AC:L/AT:N/PR:N/UI:P/VC:N/VI:L/VA:N/SC:N/SI:N/SA:N/E:X/CR:X/IR:X/AR:X/MAV:X/MAC:X/MAT:X/MPR:X/MUI:X/MVC:X/MVI:X/MVA:X/MSC:X/MSI:X/MSA:X/S:X/AU:X/R:X/V:X/RE:X/U:X"
source = "CNA"

[[affected]]
pkg = "p7zip_jll"
ranges = ["*"]

[[jlsec_sources]]
id = "CVE-2026-58052"
imported = 2026-08-05T20:35:31.507Z
modified = 2026-07-14T21:17:06.020Z
published = 2026-06-28T02:16:32.283Z
url = "https://services.nvd.nist.gov/rest/json/cves/2.0?cveId=CVE-2026-58052"
html_url = "https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-58052"
database_specific = {status = "Modified"}
[[jlsec_sources]]
id = "GHSA-fx33-p83c-vpr5"
imported = 2026-08-05T20:35:29.104Z
modified = 2026-06-28T03:33:40.000Z
published = 2026-06-28T03:33:40.000Z
url = "https://api.github.com/advisories/GHSA-fx33-p83c-vpr5"
html_url = "https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-fx33-p83c-vpr5"
[[jlsec_sources]]
id = "EUVD-2026-39972"
imported = 2026-08-05T20:35:26.180Z
modified = 2026-07-14T20:48:24.000Z
published = 2026-06-28T01:32:54.000Z
url = "https://euvdservices.enisa.europa.eu/api/enisaid?id=EUVD-2026-39972"
html_url = "https://euvd.enisa.europa.eu/vulnerability/EUVD-2026-39972"
```

> # 7-Zip for Windows through 26.02 fails to preserve the Mark-of-the-Web when extracting a crafted...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 7-Zip for Windows fails to preserve the Mark-of-the-Web when extracting a crafted RAR5 archive
```
